= rad_settings

A simple and straightforward settings solution that uses an YAML file.

== Installation

  gem install rad_settings

== Usage

=== 1. Define your class

  class Settings < RadSettings
    source "#{Rails.root}/config/application.yml"
    namespace Rails.env
    load!
  end

  or

  class Settings < RadSettings
    source File.expand_path(File.dirname(__FILE__) + '/../config/application.yml')
    namespace ENV['RACK_ENV']
    load!
  end

=== 2. Create your settings

Notice above we specified an absolute path to our settings file called "application.yml". This is just a typical YAML file.
Also notice above that we specified a namespace for our environment.  A namespace is just an optional string that corresponds
to a key in the YAML file.

Using a namespace allows us to change our configuration depending on our environment:

  # config/application.yml
  defaults: &defaults
    cool:
      saweet: nested settings
    neat_setting: 24

  development:
    <<: *defaults
    neat_setting: 800

  test:
    <<: *defaults

  production:
    <<: *defaults

=== 3. Access your settings

  >> Rails.env
  => "development"

  >> ENV['RACK_ENV']
  => "development"

  >> Settings.cool
  => {"saweet"=>"nested settings"}

  >> Settings['cool']
  => {"saweet"=>"nested settings"}

  >> Settings.cool.saweet
  => "nested settings"

  >> Settings.cool['saweet']
  => "nested settings"

  >> Settings.neat_setting
  => 800

  >> Settings.missing
  => NoMethodError: undefined method `missing' for Settings:Class

== Contributing to rad_settings
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013 servtag GmbH. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

